Say who sent you
Chubby, you are so amazing
They are he dead
Probably lost
What's the matter, Mr. Wan? What happened?
Eagle, someone assassinated Mr. Wan
What's so ambitious?
Nine times out of ten it was Wanjie
His family has the guts to attack Miss Yang
The Wu parents will put a million calamities
You really don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Mr. Wan, please send a message.
I'll send someone to kill him
That's my guess.
I have no evidence that he must have done it.
In that case
Mr. Wan, your side is too dangerous
Do you want me to send a nice brother like you?
Keep you safe at all times
not sick
I'm not a delicate person
Besides, there are more people around
There will inevitably be problems
But let's be honest
I really want to see someone again
Yang Jin
Yang Xiaoxin